He gives thanks well when he speaks in other fangs, which covers every other aspect of his life.
He gives thanks well when he plays in tongues, because it covers every aspect of his life.
Therefore results and lean on prayer in the Holy Spirit, giving God thanks as he speaks in tongues.
You don't know what you are speaking by in the realms of the Spirit.
I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, something is happening.
Something is happening.
This has been arranged.
This has been aligned.
This has been directed.
This has been formed.
This has been supervised.
How we are eating the Spirit?
He speaks mysteries.
The one who will not be little speaking in tongues.
And go ahead and pray in tongues.
How we are eating the Spirit?
He is speaking divine secrets.
Would you mind speaking divine secrets about your future?
In your future, where to go, who to stay with, who to be with, which house to be in, which country to go to, which country not to go to, here about Kashandama.
You can't tell all these things, but how beating the Spirit, how beating the Spirit, how beating the Spirit, how beating the Spirit, how beating the Spirit, everyone, if you have received the baptism of the Holy Spirit, then give yourselves to praying, praying.
The brain in the Holy Ghost.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, somebody.
Rendelebokoshandalababa.
How big in the spirit.
How about in the spirit.
Some of you are dealing with demonic animals.
Some of you are dealing with serious issues.
Some of you are dealing with demonic spiders, demonic mosquitoes, demonic snakes, serpentine spirits.
How big is it in the spirit?
Oh, Lamana Shandala Bhakava.
Boke te kobaka.
You are struggling to take a decision, but how big is the spirit?
Me ke tol omo san de re mokota.
Meen de le le le le le le le le le
One more minute everyone.
One more minute.
Pray.
Don't judge on a star what you're saying.
Something is happening.
You have been delivered from every terrible mistake as you are praying in tongues.
Then go home or go shandalababa.
And the trap sets for you.
And the trap sets for your family.
It is set back in the limitation and the hindrance as you speak in the tongues of the heavenly angels.
As you speak in it, kikako kokakabala.
Umbredas, mandruga, kalamando, bojalamega, bojalamega, bojalamega, bojalamega, bojalamega, bojalamega, bojalamega, bojalamega.
Men are to pray and not to faint.
Pray now, so you may not meet later.
Pray now, so you don't give up later.
Pray now, so you don't get tired later.
Pray now, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray.
30 more seconds, make some utterances in their spirit.
Make some utterances in their spirit, concerning your life, your ministry, your traveling, your business, your raising of your children,
Yandolo Mosa, Ramanigaba, Moquillemo Junga, Paca Ticola mama.
Somebody's plain and cori so amazing, you know?
Prandula, Prandolamo, Mejagiza, Telugle, Rodeleque Salombra, Ambongonjengele Meghandomaya, Ikerebo Shakaarada Baba, Randeliebebebe, Shekandilebebe,
How big in the spirits, rains are being given to you.
How big in the spirit, the clouds are releasing the rains.
How big in the spirit, the wilderness is being changed into a fruitful field.
How big in the spirit, don't begin to struggle anymore.
Give yourself the brain in the spirit.
Give yourself the rays.
Yes, something is happening.
Mando lomo coshandalababa, rico saute lebebe.
Hey, manana, man.
Mando lomo mo.
about your marriage, about your relationship, about your business, about your ministry, about your children, about your school fees.
You don't know how to pay it, but how we eat in the spirit.
You are speaking mysteries, you are causing people to bring it.
You are causing people to bring it.
Yeah, of course you people should bring it.
You don't have the marvelous help you need, but how weak in the spirits God is arranging them for you.
He was marvellously helped and his fame went abroad.
Yes.
You are not experiencing the sweet influence of the Holy Spirit.
This is the moment.
So the rays can be given to you.
So that the clouds will release the rays.
The clouds will release the rays.
When clouds gather, rays must come down.
Praying the Spirit so that
The Holy Spirit in a form of rain will come upon you, make you refresh.
Will refresh you, will refresh you, will refresh you, will refresh you.
Left your hands, everybody, begin to receive the reigns of the Holy Spirit, begin to receive the reigns of the Holy Spirit, it can be refreshed.
And new, Meda ha, Saruka, Moji Ambreno, Medalo, Medalama, Medalo, Medalama.
Medalo, medalama.
Pray until the spread be pulled upon you.
Pray until the spirit be pulled upon you.
Solomon said, if the clouds be full of rain, if the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon dose on earth, if the clouds be full of rain, if only the clouds are full of rain,
They shall empty themselves upon those on the earth.
Ha ha!
Isaiah said, Isaiah said, I will pour rains upon him that is thirsty.
I will give the rains to them that are thirsty.
Mokke shie ke bakadabakata.
O Reke shandadababa, pray for the sweet influence of the Holy Spirit on your productivity, on your boldness, on your ways.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead, everybody.
It's not a time to talk to your neighbor because your neighbor may be refreshed.
Your neighbor may be fruitful.
Your neighbor may be enjoying good things.
But you must give yourself to praying now.
Praying now.
Yes.
I see people extending their hands to heaven and they are saying, Lord, I need your reign.
I need your reign.
I need your spirit.
Relate to the Holy Spirit as reign.
As reign.
Feel the drops of rain upon your life, upon your head, upon your life upon your head.
The glory of your life.
The glory of the latter days of your life shall be greater than the former days of your life.
If only you shall keep yourself to pray in the Holy Ghost because you don't know the end.
You don't know the end.
But God wants to do something for you.
He wants to do something for you.
I can see a few hands extended to heaven and God is dropping his reign upon them right now.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Don't doubt.
Don't doubt it.
Believe it.
There shall be a performance for you because you believe.
It shall be done for you because you believe.
It shall be done for you because you only believed.
You did not doubt.
You believed how God is actually refreshing your life.
He's refreshing your life.
Masulwanga.
If you doubt, you don't have it, but if you believe, you have it.
Blessed is she that believe it because there shall be a performance.
There shall be a performance.
In kolomosa.
He is going to be a good thing in your life.
He shall bring it to a good end.
He shall perfect it.
Has God started something in your life?
Believe that He's doing it.
He's doing it.
I wanted to have a feeling inside that God is actually out to work in you.
He's doing something for you.
God is doing something for me.
He's doing something for me.
He's working out something for me.
Orre quescha.
Orre quescha da bonga.
Ah.
Amuna antaluma agreto scoh.
Ruke ska tata.
Pusque cascha tata ka.
Ha ha.
Imana mo ncha gligamo.
El emoga.
Begin to believe right now because God is doing it.
Have the confidence that God is doing it.
Somebody has deflected his hands.
My God.
Someone just lived through his hands and just believed him.
God has done it.
Man ought to pray everywhere.
Lifting your hands and believing that God is doing it for them.
You want the world of God to be done in your life?
Pray for the role of God to be done in that spirit, in that spirit, in that spirit, in that spirit, in that spirit.
The role of God consenting your health, the role of God consenting your children, the role of God consenting your ministry, the role of God consenting how long you should live on earth goes well about how long you should live on earth.
It's mysterious.
It is mysterious.
My amblosa, my amblosa.
Hey, actual colo vocata la baba.
La mamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamam
To make this come back to life.
To make this greener again.
To make this fresher again.
Ah yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Believe it.
God is great, you know.
You can understand Him.
He has given you a way that you can maneuver your ways in their spirits.
Manouba your ways with your ways.
Don't close your mouth.
Manouba your ways.
Manouba.
So I can escape some peace, escape some peace, escape some peace, escape some peace, escape some peace, escape some peace, escape them, escape them, escape them, escape them, escape them, escape them, escape them, escape them, that your family will escape them, my God, my God, my God, my God, train always with all prayer and supplication in their spirit, in their spirit, in their spirit, in their spirit, and watching their own truth opposite virance for all saints,
My God.
20 more seconds.
Everyone.
Speaking the holy language.
My God.
It's amazing, you know.
You are in the first love church, but you are causing a change somewhere.
You are in the first love church, but you are causing a change at home.
You are here, but you are causing a change at home.
My God.
Limo Amuna Amuna.
Ammona!
Their benefits are speaking in tongues.
You are changing something in your life, in your family.
You are changing something.
Believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it.
Jesus we thank you.
Jesus we praise you.
Jesus we bless you.
We worship you.
Oh yes.
We praise you.
We have God and give him thanks.
Everybody, we give you praise.
Father, thanks for the blessing you've given to us in this moment in Jesus' name.
Amen.
You may be seated.
Now, this morning, this evening, I want to share with you on the preparation of the gospel.
Amen.
And the last time we were on the preparation of the gospel,
we were showing the preparation of the Gospel of Peter.
Now Peter is the first person to preach the Gospel and the second person
to preach the gospel.
I mean, if you want to look at it in a certain way, it's no other person than John.
So today we are looking at the preparation of the gospel by the disciple John.
Amen.
What do we mean by the preparation of the gospel?
We mean to prepare.
All right.
There's a feedback to be prepared means
to rehearse ahead of time.
Amen.
Number two, it means to train for a specific task.
Number three, it means to educate with special knowledge.
Number four, it means to mellow, to mature the character of something, to arm with the necessary weapons.
All right?
Are you listening?
All right.
And it means to be ready.
And it means to have a foundation.
It means to foresee problems.
And especially tonight to provide properly for something.
Amen.
Now, this is a short Bible lesson, but I believe it's significant.
And I want to look at the preparation of the gospel by no other person than John.
Have you heard of John?
Now, three of the disciples received names from Jesus, three.
The others did not.
The first person we know received a name was Peter.
And the other two apostles who received special titles were James and John, whom the Lord called the sons of thunder.
All right?
So he called them the sons of thunder.
What do you think?
Mark 3.13.
And he goes up into a mountain and calleth unto him whom he would, and they came unto him.
And he ordained 12 that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach and to have power to heal sicknesses.
Verse 16, Simon, he said, named Peter.
So he added a name to his name, say a name.
James, the son of Zebedee, and John, the brother of James, he said name them Bunez, which is the sons of Fanda.
All right.
And Andrew and Philip, Bartolomio, Matthew, Thomas,
James, the son of Alfeos and Tadeus and Simon, the Canaanite and Judas is carried, which also betrayed him.
And they went into a house.
All right?
So you see that three of the disciples had new names.
What do you think?
You didn't realize that, isn't it?
Well, you see, it's not everything you know.
Now, what does that have to do with the preparation of the gospel?
Well, every spiritual thing that happens, right?
Every spiritual event that happens builds you up for the preparation of the gospel, like prepares you for the gospel work, okay?
And receiving a name that is an anointed name that is given to you, which is different from you giving yourself a name.
There are people who keep changing their names.
So my name is now this.
My name is now that is different from when a name is given to you.
And not everybody is going to have a name.
Some of the disciples didn't have names.
Because Jesus wasn't anointed to give them names.
And maybe their names were good enough.
And Jesus didn't feel the need to change their names.
So the name you have is, first of all, a very spiritual thing.
And your name may save you.
Yes, your name may save you.
You know, Bible says all things work together for good.
And sometimes there may be one little string that you'll be clutching onto.
And that may be what will save you.
So thank God for names.
It's possible that the name that your father or your mother gave you is good enough and is fighting for you.
Sometimes people get into a craze.
I want a new name.
But you don't need no new name.
You need the right name.
Amen.
And I believe that one of the basic characteristics of a good name is that it has a meaning and that the person who gave you the name
was conferring on you something.
That's why it's different from when you confer it on yourself.
And that is why a name where you are just named after Tuesday or Wednesday, I don't think it's good enough for you.
Maybe that may be the little straw you clutch onto that will save your life.
But I believe that there's something higher than being named after Tuesday or Wednesday.
Amen.
Now, perhaps the name that you get may help you in your ministry.
Now, one of the things that I believe
was a great help for the Apostle John that prepared him for his ministry, was the closeness and the condition which I call becoming the favorite child.
Let's look at first John chapter one.
becoming a favorite child.
The other day I had either singing a song like that.
I don't know where she gets all these songs from.
That which was from the beginning.
This is first John, the first thing that John is saying.
That which we have heard.
That which we have seen with our eyes.
That which we have looked upon and our hands have handled of the word of life.
for the life was manifested and we have seen it and bear witness and show unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father and was manifested unto us, that which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that you may have fellowship with us.
And truly, our fellowship is with the Father and
with his son, Jesus Christ.
Now, John's ministry emanated from his closeness to Jesus.
And his closeness is described well in 1 John chapter 1 and 1.
And in fact, it is the launching part for his writing.
He's telling you
that what he is declaring in verse 3, you see, verse 3, what we have seen and head is what we are declaring.
Now, 1 verse 3, what we have seen and head we declare that you can be with us.
Are you listening to me?
This is a short Bible lesson.
And I'm sure we are going to be blessed.
We are being blessed.
How many are being blessed already?
Yeah.
And truly, all great gospel, gospelicians, rise out of their closeness to their anointing.
It's true.
Your closeness to something determines what's gonna come out of you.
Glory to God.
Now closeness is what this young man is referring to.
He said, we have seen and we declare.
Amen.
All right, look at verse one.
How close was he?
That which was from the beginning?
We had.
We have seen.
We looked upon our hands handle.
I think every phrase he remembered something.
We handled.
We looked upon.
We seen with the eyes.
So seen with the eyes different from looking upon.
It must be.
Why did he repeat that?
Why did he just say the same thing again?
Are you seeing this beautiful scripture behind me?
We saw it and we looked upon it.
I think looking upon means looking more intensely.
All right?
Your ministry emanates
from your closeness.
And I can say that all the bishops and pastors that I have interacted with, most of them, their closeness to me is the basis of where they are in ministry.
if they are my disciples.
If they are my disciples.
It's not that I'm important, too.
I am not important, but I am important to people whom God has given to me.
Those are the few people that are important to be close to me.
The rest is not important to be close to me.
John 13, that's one.
Now before the peace of the festival, when she just knew that his hour was come, that he should depend on the world and to the Father.
Having loved his own which were in the world.
He loved them.
Having loved his own.
He loved who?
He loved his own.
What do you think?
Fantastic.
He loved his own.
So everybody has his own.
God gave you.
These are my people.
These are my children.
These are my followers.
These are my family.
He loved his own and he loved them until the end.
All right.
So this same John is saying, all right?
Are you there?
In 1 John 1 1, the look.
Charlie, we were close.
Now, closeness is something that people define in different ways.
But I don't want you to ever be confused about closeness after today.
Because I'm talking about the favorite child.
If we take the method of this church, they would say they are close to their founder.
Why?
They would give certain symbols.
They would say, number one, we are called Methodists, which is what John Wesley was called two 300 years ago when he was around Methodism, Methodists.
Number two, they would say, we sing hymns.
We sing Charles Wesley's hymns.
All the Methodists love the hymns and they know the hymns.
My wife is a perfect example.
She can sing the hymns all the time.
Sometimes I try to listen to what the message is.
Maybe she's talking to me.
You know, I don't know what a...
Some are different hymns, you know?
Sometimes you never know whether it's a message.
It's something like a kind of broadcast, like into the atmosphere.
And the only one in the atmosphere, so I sort of... Yeah.
Then, they have classes.
In Methodist, they have the classes.
Then they have societies.
They have societies, methodist societies.
And what else?
They have seconds.
All the methods here have these things.
Then they have lay preachers.
And what?
Cutkists.
I mean, these are standard things.
But if you look closely at the Ministry of John Wesley, you'll find that they are quite far apart.
John Wesley was an open-air preacher.
Open-air.
Solid open-air campaigner for Jesus.
Very radical.
He was a man of, I mean, forming fellowships, groups.
He would travel all the time, bridging from one group to another,
I mean, he was a very hard radical man.
And his picture was accompanied by people falling down, screaming, rolling, manifestation.
Read my book on, I think, Amplify Your Ministry.
Amplify Your Ministry with miracle signs and wonders.
And you will see the account of John Wesley's Ministry then.
Yeah.
Quite different.
Pure salvation.
Today, you can go to some of the Methodist churches and you may not be stimulated towards salvation.
Yes.
You may not be stimulated towards salvation.
So what I'm trying to say is that you can have symbols.
You see, like people who are far sometimes they say,
Oh, we come for revival service, we come to whatever, we have dancing stars, we have bassantess, we have this, we are close.
You know, it's not necessarily so.
Yes, closeness is first of all a spiritual event.
Yes, because you say you can also be the one who we have seen with our eyes, you look upon you,
Your hands were handled and you become Judas.
Look at John 13, John 13, verse two.
John chapter 13, verse two, please.
Now, and supper being ended, the devil now having put into the heart of Judas is carried Simon's son to betray him, verse three.
And Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things that he was come from God and went to God.
So you see that the devil put, go to best form, he rises from Sapa, laid aside his gamut, took a towel and get it himself.
So he was about to wash the disciples, including Judas' feet.
And at the point he said, you are clean, but not all.
So the point that I'm trying to make is that you may be in the service and have symbols to point to that you are close, but you are not actually close.
So I think that just being there to look upon, to see, to handle doesn't mean that you be close.
Yes.
But you see, you can capitalize on your closeness for a great spiritual achievement if you can be close.
And you see, John never, never failed
to point out that he was very close to Jesus.
He pointed it out six times.
On six different occasions, he made it clear that, listen, I'm close.
And that's why I'm saying what I'm saying, and I'm doing what I'm doing.
And that was the basis of his ministry.
I'm close.
I want you to know that I'm close.
And to me, it's true.
If you ask me, the basis of most of us in the ministry is the closeness.
I may be closer to Kenneth Hagin, and I probably am closer to Kenneth Hagin than people who attended the Bible school.
You can attend the Bible school and use it as one of the symbols, but you are not close.
Yes.
So what happens is that anytime people hear of a new symbol of closeness, they start going for that symbol.
Oh, we should attend revival.
So we are coming to revival.
It means that we are close.
You may come to revival because you've been dragged here by your nose.
But your heart is not here.
Yes.
And you may not come.
I may be having a camp right under your nose and you may not attend.
because you feel you know what I know and what I'm going to say.
And that is pride and pride makes you fat.
It already makes you fat.
So that's why there's a compound that people know, but it won't attend.
Well, they feel, oh, it's what?
It's a preparation of the gospel.
So that's what is good.
You say, you don't know what I'm preaching about.
You don't know it at all.
What I'm calling preparation of the gospel, you don't know it.
So yeah, we know, we know nothing.
If you knew you would better fruit and bearing.
You see, Jesus says something, if I have not done the works among you, which no one else had done, then you will have no clue for yourself.
The works that have been done,
show something that you cannot ignore.
Yes.
Are you there?
Beautiful.
So tonight, we are just, I told you, it's a short Bible lesson.
And I'm showing you that God is making us into favorite children.
Amen.
All right.
And that becoming a close child or a favorite child is the basis of fruits.
What did Jesus say?
In John 15, look at verse 5.
John 15, verse 5.
I am the vine.
You are the branches, okay?
He that are bided in me and I and him.
I mean, how close are you?
This is not even close.
This is intertwining.
You know, Westniks are having sex.
It's the most beautiful intertwining you can ever see.
They intertwine and they become like braids that you are, you know, like hair, raster, like you are plating the hair.
Yes, it twists.
So they intertwine like that.
Even though it's not describing the closeness, it's just describing.
Jesus describes that, I am in you and you are in me.
I am where?
And you are where?
That's it.
It's not about sitting by each other.
I am in you and you are in me.
What again do you want?
Yes.
And that is the basis.
It says, the same, the same, the same bringeth forth.
Much fruits.
So closeness, which another way of describing is becoming a favorite child.
Are you listening to me?
Yes.
Becoming a favorite child or a close child.
A favorite child is a close child.
It's the basis.
And it says, for without me, you can do nothing.
It's the basis for very food.
One day I visited a mission.
Those were the days we used tapes.
tapes, cassettes or CDs.
And it was just one evening.
It was just one evening.
So when it was time to preach, I went up on stage.
Now, when you are a leader, you should get used to people trying to deceive you.
about everything.
So your antennas must be up for single mice because there are many 25 more behind.
When I stood up there and I started speaking, I knew that these were not my church members.
Because it was, I got that, I don't know what, whether he even paid, I don't think he paid them to come.
They were not my church.
So when I finished, I sat down with a brother and I said, hey, brother, this is not our church, you know?
How many people do really happen?
They had almost nobody in the church.
Now, I asked him, have you been listening to preachy?
These are the days of tapes or CDs.
He said, my tape record I spot.
As I since went home,
Last year, a long time ago.
So you see, again, the person is completely disconnected.
Are you with me?
Yes.
And hence, unable to bring forth John 15, verse 5, he that abideth in me and I and him, the same bringeth forth much fruit.
Abideth, I and you, you and me.
So I and you, you and me is even more than sitting by me.
It's closeness, all right?
No.
Favorite child, number one.
Favorite child shows his love.
A favorite child, let's talk about a favorite child because John was like a favorite child.
And I'm giving you characteristics of a favorite child and how to be a favorite child if you like, amen?
Wow.
So number one, a favorite child,
That's what you want me to tell you what a favorite child does.
Okay, I'll tell you in two seconds.
Take your time, all right?
Right, beautiful.
A favorite child shows his love at the Last Supper by sitting close.
John chapter 13, verse 21, when Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit and testified and said, very, very nice to you.
One of you shall betray me.
Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spoke.
That's 23.
Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom.
On Jesus' what?
Bism.
One of his disciples whom Jesus lived.
You see, he was leaning and Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him that he should ask whom it should be.
So they signaled John because John was close.
What do you think?
Some of you would have been sitting at the end of the table saying that out of respect, we don't go near our father when he was eating.
Amen.
Now, bosom is the front of the body
between the arms.
Here, between the arms.
Are you there?
The bosom is the front of the body between the arms.
So he was leaning on Jesus, on what?
He was leaning on Jesus' chest.
Jesus, give me a chair.
Bring another chair.
Be John.
Now he was leaning on Jesus' bosom.
This is the bosom.
Yes.
Jesus was eating.
He was leaning on Jesus's bosom.
He's falling asleep.
Yes.
No, no.
Okay.
Arise.
Now Judas was also nearby.
You can never be Judas unless you are close.
Closeness is the master qualification for being a Judas.
you must be a close person.
Now Judas was close enough for Jesus to feed.
The Bible says he took a sock, which is, you dip the bread, you have, this is everybody put their bread in the tea before they.
So Jesus took the sock, put it in, and then he had to do that.
Judas, up your mouth.
And he gave it to him.
And he added.
So Judas was close, and John,
was on his boson.
So these people, they were, they were physically close.
Physically close.
So is that in the disciple, do you see?
So I look at the John 13 26, when he had taken a sub and dipped it, he dipped, he dipped it in the tea.
And then he gave it to Judas himself.
He said, pass it to the end.
Judas was also close by.
So that's why I say that you can be close, but doesn't mean you are close.
Because Judas' heart was on money.
Judas' heart was on money.
The master qualification for becoming a Judas is to be close.
So anybody who is close should know that.
you are a target for the West kind of evil spirit, the West.
But John there, he was leaning on his Jesus bosom.
I wonder how Jesus was able to eat with these guys sitting on him like this.
But it's like this is what John wanted to do.
So they signaled him, Peter called him.
I don't know if Peter was sitting at the head of, they thought he was the head of what, so he was at the head.
So he signaled and called.
And he said, look, chaletani, ask him.
Ask him who?
Do you see?
Yeah?
So, okay, it's enough.
Now, so you see, Jesus, John was close to Jesus.
He sat, some of you come, you sit at the back, like you have chosen the back.
just to the door to go out.
How can you be a favorite child at the back?
How?
Something like outside.
Is it amazing?
Amen.
Are you there?
Is it beautiful?
So show yourself to be a favorite child by doing what?
Sitting close when the opportunity comes.
Closer and closer.
Amen.
Wow.
There's nothing wrong with being close.
It's a good thing.
Okay?
Yeah.
Number two, I told you it's a short Bible lesson.
A favorite child shows his love at the crucifixion by being there in time of crisis.
Amen.
And you notice that each point John refers to himself as the disciple whom Jesus loved.
Now, John 19, verse 23, then the soldiers, are you there?
When they had crucified Jesus, made four parts to every soldier apart, and also his own court.
Now, the court was without sin, warm on top, and they said, let us rent it, cast lots for it, who so shall be, that the scripture might be fulfilled, they parted my remain among them, and for my best shall they did cast lots.
These things, therefore, the soldiers did,
Verse 25, glory to God.
Now that stood by the cross of Jesus, his mother, his mother's sister, Mary, the wife of Cleofas, and Mary Magdalene.
Verse 26, now when Jesus saw his mother and who, and the disciples standing by whom he loved,
Hola Boninjeon.
We're talking about how to be a favorite child.
He saw the disciples standing by whom he loved, he saved unto his mother, woman, behold thy son, and he saved to the disciple whom he loved, behold thy mother, and from that hour, that disciple took care unto his own home.
So you show your love, not by just being at the
Last supper, but by being there right at the cross in the time of trouble.
You have people you cannot rely on them, even for a swollen Sunday you cannot rely on them.
Any kind of issue you can depend on them.
Fair weather Christians for good times only.
Life is made out of all types of times.
Yes.
There are some people that only love you if you are holy.
If you like being unholy, they say, sorry.
Touch me not.
Oh, sinner.
How many have lived for a long time without sinning?
How many have lived for a short time and then the sin came?
Raise your hand.
Yeah.
So when somebody has a problem,
That's when you show, actually, people remember you when you show them love in times of crisis.
Sometimes, if you've been praying for somebody to have a problem, so you can show the person that you really love the person.
It's true.
When people remember saying, this guy is going to be there in a difficult time.
He's standing by me.
That's when the person will see that you love.
Everybody is signing golden rich men as many friends.
Let there be a crisis.
Let there be issues.
One day, a pastor had this newspaper writing about him all the time.
And I said, you know, it's enough.
I'm going to join myself to the story.
So that they also had me, because it's too much.
And this pastor said, this thing you have done has touched my heart.
But I said, oh, did you add us to that thing?
It's too much.
Yes.
But there are people
When you are clicking high, do you understand clicking high?
It's like clicking, it means clicking high, but you know, clicking.
When you are clicking high.
Yes.
That's when everybody likes you.
Let there be some problem.
And you see, who's your friend?
Huh?
So are the cross, are the cross where I?
Listen, put on her mic on and she will turn it off here.
The man there, do you hear me?
I can't hear a shout if you hear me.
Never turn this mic off from today.
It will be turned off locally.
Okay.
Put it on.
Beautiful.
It was there by faith, I received my sight, and now I am happy all the way.
Yeah, at that cross, at that cross, it's not only light we see, but it's where we see true friends.
Yes.
That's why we see those who really belong.
Thank you.
Yes.
Huh?
Look, the Bible says, a rich man has many friends.
A rich man is somebody whose things are going well for.
Like us NPP are in power.
Everybody is NPP.
And even NDC people have become NPP.
Yes.
It's creaking high for NPP.
When NDC comes to power, a lot of the NPP people will shift and say, we are all NDC.
Originally, we are NDC.
All right.
So people remember you.
Yes.
One day I went to the birthday party of a pastor.
And the people were giving testimonies.
All the testimonies were about troubles.
When I was in prison, you came there.
When I was the district, you came there.
And I said, wow.
All the people that were committed to the guy are people that have been in trouble before.
And the man was there for them.
Yes.
When I was in prison, when my crisis came, when this happened, when this happened, you were there.
That's where you see a real pastor.
It's not just good times.
Thank God for summer time.
You are invited for the big dinner.
Now, this the big frightening, you know how do I fit?
What if I leave the people say, Chobwet Chobwet, this is one of them.
Chobwet Chobwet, this is one of them, nah, nah, nah, nah.
You know how it is more actionable?
That thing can turn on you.
Hey, this one of them, everybody say, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
and you see people.
So when we have something like swollen, sange, or they say major activities that you see people, that are not favorite children.
They just backed off.
But this disciple, he said, the disciple whom Jesus loved.
He was standing there.
The Bible says, I will strike a shepherd and then she scatters.
Everybody scatters a pita, Thomas Bartolome, all these big names.
Judas was hanging on a cross,
Peter was a betrayer.
Everybody, other men were gone and it was left with John.
Beautiful.
Number three.
A favorite child shows his love at the resurrection with his energy and speed.
John chapter 20, John chapter 20, verse one.
You show yourself a favorite child by your energy and your speed.
Now notice, the first day of the week come, Mary Magdalene, come with Ellie, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seer the stone taken away from the sepulchre.
Then she runeth and comeeth to Simon Peter,
and to the other disciple whom Jesus loved.
So she came to who?
Peter and the other disciple whom Jesus loved.
Are you with that?
So she came to see Jesus, Peter and the favorite child.
And what did she say to them?
They have taken away the lot out of the sepulchre and we know not where they have laid him.
Peter therefore went forth.
Are you there?
And that other disciple and came to the Sephaka.
You know, we have, so Peter and John were going down to the temple.
Hello?
Are you with me?
Peter and John went up to the temple and saw a cripple man.
It doesn't only time Peter and John were moving together.
This is another time Peter and John were moving to the Resurrection Direct.
Resurrection's service, they were there.
They were going.
Now, let us see what's going to happen between Peter and John.
The difference between Peter and John.
Look at this fall.
Fantastic.
So they run both together.
But the other disciple did outrun Peter and came fast to the Sepulchre.
We are talking of Jones.
We are talking of favorite children.
We are talking of speed.
He did outrun Peter and came fast to the Sepulchre.
This is a favorite child.
You see from the reaction, from the speed, from the energy, from, you know,
That is why sometimes you see someone that's married and the person is happy because their wife is like an antelope.
There is energy.
The wife is like an impala, a gazelle.
And you see that this is young and fresh love.
One time, my brother came from his honeymoon.
He said, when he came, he said, I don't know what I was at the house.
So what do you mean?
You don't know what he was at.
I didn't know what I was at gymnast or I was at acrobat or I was at, I mean, an athlete or I was at, I don't know what I was.
I was many things.
Come on, shut up, I am not.
The energy and the speed of a lover.
You tell somebody to do something, it takes forever to do it.
But this John, he outrun Peter.
Unless you're not reading the Bible with me.
Faster, faster video.
Not like you come and say, be sharp.
I realize that you have seen certain things long time ago that we haven't seen.
That's why you have been saying all this is we realize that we were wrong.
Some of the friends will say, we didn't believe you.
But now we believe you.
You believe me now.
Because you have no love.
If you were a favorite child, you would have even outrun your speed, your action, your energy.
But you appreciate it.
I'll be looking at you.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Da-da-da-da-da.
You will finish this message soon and we will go to our houses.
Now, notice what happened.
That's five.
Look at our pizza again.
It's going to do something.
Watch.
That's five.
And here's topping down.
This is John.
He's stooping down and looking in.
He saw the linen clothes lying.
But he didn't go in.
He didn't go in.
Trust our man Peter.
Look at what he's going to do, best sex.
Then come out some of Pete, Simon Peter.
Follow him and went in.
You see, John didn't go in, but Peter went in and see the linen clothes lie.
So John was faster to get to the tomb
But when Peter got the he was bold and he went in.
The seven.
And the napkin, that was about, he said, not lying with the linen cloth wrapped together in a place by itself.
Yes, that's eight.
And then only then went in the other decipher, which came fast to the separation.
And he wanted you to know that he was fast.
He's emphasizing that he was fast.
Every fast, those who obey fast, they are the Jones, they are the favorite children.
Fast.
We said this is a, oh, we talk about debt, mortgage, so hot.
We have now seen after 21 years, that the first that we were saying in 2001 in France, that's the rare message that you press to ask those days.
We have seen that those debts, that that next means it was a prophecy.
But I mean, thank God we have another chance.
You are different.
Yes.
Then went in also that I was able, which came first?
Decepaca.
And he saw him believe.
What come in first there?
He'll be their first.
A favorite chance shows that I'll be their first.
I'll be their first.
I will not take a long time.
A past time, you know, I've decided that last time you told me that success is very important in the marriages.
So these days I tried to do my best with my marriage, but of course it's only after certain crises have happened to my life.
When those crises happen, then I've decided to start having the success that you have been preaching about.
Now you're going to start obeying it after the crises have happened.
Verse nine, verse nine, for as yet they knew not the scripture that he must rise again from the dead.
So brothers and sisters, a favorite child is a fast child.
Yes.
He's there at the first supper sitting close by, close enough to me.
He's there in the crisis because he'll be there.
You can count on him.
You will not see as something this stuff come.
That's some people, if there's a problem, you see that they'll leave you.
I saw a man of God
He had a big scandal and big problem.
But I looked at his church after the scandal.
And I saw some people that I said, these are the Jones.
No matter what, we will never leave you.
And we'll be there.
Yeah.
We'll be there.
And then, number three, the favorite town is the fast one.
You see a virgin, I believe it.
very fast in implementing and obeying.
As I have to take life to teach you that it's important.
Are you still around?
I'm talking about the preparation of the gospel.
These are what prepare people for the gospel.